---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "haproxy_backend Resource - terraform-provider-haproxy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# haproxy_backend (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "haproxy_backend" "backend_test" {
  name                 = "backend_test"
  mode                 = "http"
  http_connection_mode = "http-keep-alive"
  server_timeout       = 9
  check_timeout        = 20
  connect_timeout      = 20
  queue_timeout        = 20
  tarpit_timeout       = 20
  tunnel_timeout       = 20
  check_cache          = true

  balance {
    algorithm = "roundrobin"
  }

  httpchk_params {
    uri     = "/health"
    version = "HTTP/1.1"
    method  = "GET"
  }

  forwardfor {
    enabled = true
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the backend. It must be unique and cannot be changed.

### Optional

- `adv_check` (String) The adv_check of the backend. It must be one of the following: ssl-hello-chk, smtpchk, ldap-check, mysql-check, pgsql-check, tcp-check, redis-check, httpchk
- `balance` (Block Set) The balance of the backend. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--balance))
- `check_cache` (Boolean) The check_cache of the backend.
- `check_timeout` (Number) The check_timeout of the backend.
- `connect_timeout` (Number) The connect_timeout of the backend.
- `forwardfor` (Block Set) The forwardfor of the backend. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--forwardfor))
- `http_connection_mode` (String) The http_connection_mode of the backend. It must be one of the following: http-keep-alive, httpclose, http-server-close
- `httpchk_params` (Block Set) The httpchk_params of the backend. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--httpchk_params))
- `mode` (String) The mode of the backend. It must be one of the following: http or tcp
- `queue_timeout` (Number) The queue_timeout of the backend.
- `server_timeout` (Number) The server_timeout of the backend.
- `tarpit_timeout` (Number) The tarpit_timeout of the backend.
- `tunnel_timeout` (Number) The tunnel_timeout of the backend.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--balance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `balance`

Optional:

- `algorithm` (String) The algorithm of the balance.


<a id="nestedblock--forwardfor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `forwardfor`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) The enabled of the forwardfor.


<a id="nestedblock--httpchk_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `httpchk_params`

Optional:

- `method` (String) The method of the httpchk_params.
- `uri` (String) The uri of the httpchk_params.
- `version` (String) The version of the httpchk_params.
