---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "haproxy_frontend Resource - terraform-provider-haproxy"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# haproxy_frontend (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "haproxy_frontend" "front_test" {
  name                        = "front_test"
  backend                     = "backend_test"
  http_connection_mode        = "http-keep-alive"
  accept_invalid_http_request = true
  maxconn                     = 100
  mode                        = "http"
  backlog                     = 1000
  http_keep_alive_timeout     = 10
  http_request_timeout        = 10
  http_use_proxy_header       = true
  httplog                     = true
  httpslog                    = true
  tcplog                      = false

  compression {
    algorithms = ["gzip", "identity"]
    offload    = true
    types      = ["text/html", "text/plain", "text/css", "application/javascript"]
  }

  forwardfor {
    enabled = true
    header  = "X-Forwarded-For"
    ifnone  = true
  }

  depends_on = [haproxy_backend.backend_test]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `backend` (String) The name of the backend.
- `name` (String) The name of the frontend. It must be unique and cannot be changed.

### Optional

- `accept_invalid_http_request` (Boolean) The accept invalid http request of the frontend.
- `backlog` (Number) The backlog of the frontend.
- `compression` (Block Set) The compression of the frontend. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--compression))
- `error_log_format` (String) The error log format of the frontend.
- `forwardfor` (Block Set) The forwardfor of the frontend. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--forwardfor))
- `http_connection_mode` (String) The http connection mode of the frontend. It can be one of the following values: httpclose, http-server-close, http-keep-alive
- `http_keep_alive_timeout` (Number) The http keep alive timeout of the frontend.
- `http_request_timeout` (Number) The http request timeout of the frontend.
- `http_use_proxy_header` (Boolean) The http use proxy header of the frontend.
- `httplog` (Boolean) The http log of the frontend.
- `httpslog` (Boolean) The https log of the frontend.
- `log_format` (String) The log format of the frontend.
- `log_format_sd` (String) The log format sd of the frontend.
- `maxconn` (Number) The max connection of the frontend.
- `mode` (String) The mode of the frontend. It can be one of the following values: http, tcp
- `monitor_uri` (String) The monitor uri of the frontend.
- `tcplog` (Boolean) The tcp log of the frontend.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--compression"></a>
### Nested Schema for `compression`

Optional:

- `algorithms` (List of String) The algorithms of the compression.
- `offload` (Boolean) The offload of the compression.
- `types` (List of String) The types of the compression.


<a id="nestedblock--forwardfor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `forwardfor`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) The enabled of the forwardfor.
- `except` (String) The except of the forwardfor.
- `header` (String) The header of the forwardfor.
- `ifnone` (Boolean) The ifnone of the forwardfor.
